I am going to make a no sew dress for a
doll using tissue paper ribbon tape
rubber bands and glue I start by cutting
a strip of tissue paper fold it back and
forth to make pleats
place it on the doll with the good side
facing down tie ribbon or use a rubber
band to hold it in place just under the
arms flip the paper over the rubber band
making sure it goes around the dolls
body tie a piece of ribbon around the
dolls waist to make a basic dress to add
detail to the dress I cut squares at of
tissue paper fold them in half then fold
them again round off the edge glue it
onto the dress continue all around the
skirt add ribbon to the waist and since
this dress is made of paper I can also
use tape to help define the waistline we
even found this really cool glitter tape
at the craft store we cut it into thin
strips then place them on the dress cut
small squares of paper pinch and twist
the center then glue them to the dress
twist strips of paper wrap them into a
spiral then glue them onto the dress to
make flowers and you're done
happy crafting
you
member
Thank You spectrum
next we want to give a shout out to
monster Ville
oh hey Claudine so this is where you've
been all day
sorry I can't help it I'm getting really
excited about prom you I can't stop
thinking about all the dresses and
decorations sorry I guess my circuits
had a prom overload
you like prom good Monster High have
prom website so you two can prime your
own fabulous prom all right I go now